all right so this is the Humane AI pin
it is a brand new product and a really
really interesting form factor of an
ultra futuristic wearable computer so in
a time of all these crazy gadgets and
Vision Pro and wearable glasses it's so
sick that we get so many genuinely new
first generation products like this to
give a shot unfortunately it's also the
new worst product I think I've ever
reviewed
in its current state there's just so
many things bad about it it's so bad in
fact that I think it's actually kind of
distracting to like understand what the
point of the device is as we go through
it so I'm going to have to separate it
out for this video first I'm going to
tell you what it is and what it's
supposed to do and then I'll tell you
what my experience has actually been
using it
so this thing is a small wearable
computer with an AI inside that can help
you throughout your day it's about the
size of a large watch it has a camera
and a microphone and can interact with
the world around you but in case you
can't use that as input there's also a
touchpad and a projector inside with
this super new style of gesture control
with the projection on your hand it
costs
$700 plus a $24 a month subscription
plan for the data that comes with it and
all the services and all the online
storage but yeah
$700 plus a subscription it's already a
fun start but so one of the big things
off the top is this does not pair to
your smartphone at all this is its own
Standalone device with its own internet
connection with its own phone number and
so this little AI assistant it just goes
everywhere with you it's always
connected and that's you can choose how
much or how little to use it alongside
your smartphone so you know on its face
maybe that's kind of a cool idea at
least like the idea is you talk to it
like a person it answers questions it
gives you historical facts or
personalized recommendations or helps
you out with things like brainstorming
or remembering things it can make phone
calls and send text messages a ton of
stuff the unfortunate reality though is
this thing is too much of a pain to use
to actually want to do most of that
stuff alongside your phone but
we'll get
[Music]
there all right let me actually start
with the hardware this this little thing
is the build of this thing is actually
impressive like genuinely I think if
you're looking for a reason to feel like
you're not getting ripped off the
hardware packaging actually kind of
accomplishes that like this pin is solid
it's aluminum it's dense feeling uh
there's three colors actually there's
all matte black which is the cheapest
one or for 100 bucks more you can get
white or this black and silver one that
I'm using and then there's a lot of
sensors packed up there there's a camera
there's microphones there's lights
there's a tiny Class 2 laser projector
so this whole thing is like really
densely packed and then the magnets also
that connect everything are super strong
so the back of this pin is called a
booster it's another battery so it's got
its own internal battery but then once
you attach it to your clothes it
cleverly through your clothes magnetizes
there makes a nice sound when you do and
that's how you get it attached so you
get two of these boosters and since
there's the internal battery you can
literally hot swap between them so the
thing stays alive very clever and then
it also comes with this extremely
well-made and also very very reflective
uh charging case so you can pop it in
there or just your battery in there keep
it topped off that charges via USB
type-c this thing is nice and it also
comes with this like desktop charging
puck where you can magnetize in the
battery or the whole thing the pin and
the booster at the same time so that is
a lot of charging and Battery related
accessories but they all come with it
and this pin you know it's also got
these lights up at the top here that
light up anytime you're doing anything
and there's also a small pin light
notification for when there's something
waiting for you so between the weight of
the parts and the strength of the
magnets how it all slaps together like
you can tell that a lot of effort was
put into the craftsmanship of this
product which I very much appreciate
it's the best part of the
pin by a lot
[Music]
okay I want you to forget about the
smartphone in your pocket for a second
like just for a minute just pretend that
doesn't exist ignore it right this
little pin can do a lot of stuff and is
very helpful so again think of this
thing as an AI assistant that's like by
your side all the time with you so you
can ask at things it doesn't have a wake
word it only turns the mic on and
listens when you touch it so you can go
how tall is the Empire State Building
and then when you let go it starts
sending that query off to the crowd the
Empire State Building is
1,454 ft tall to the tip the cloud and
then gets you an answer which is great
and it also is multimodal so that means
it can look at the camera and see things
and interact with the world around you
so look and tell me what you
see so it'll scan the room use the cloud
again that little noise was it taking a
little image sending that image to the
cloud analyzing it getting it back then
deciding what to tell me you are sitting
in front of a camera and a laptop the
camera is on a tripod and pointed at you
the laptop is open and you are looking
at it there are three pictures of dogs
on the wall behind you there is a window
to the left of the camera there is a
boom mic on the table in front of you
there is a red carpet on the
floor great the camera can also take
pictures or up to 15sec videos which it
auto uploads while charging it can also
remember things you tell it to remember
and all these things will show up in the
Humane Center so that it's like this
online web portal for all things
connected to the pin there's no app it's
just the website so there you can see a
whole history of who you've called and
texted and what you've listened to and
what answers it gave to your most recent
requests and all the things you told it
to remember it is pretty well-rounded I
think probably it's its best tech demo
feature though is the translate back and
forth you got a two finger gesture you
can Goot
[Music]
where's the library so it autod detects
the language translates to English and
the person who speaks back can translate
back as long as you hold on the pin and
listen to them pretty cool this is all
voice stuff though so if at any point
you're in a loud area or a very private
area and you don't want to interact out
loud with your voice that's where this
projector comes in so it seems crazy but
you activate it like that and then you
just hold your finger out your whole
palm and it becomes a projector screen
for the laser projector built into into
the pin so it takes a little practice
but eventually you get used to holding
your hand up in just the right spot and
then the UI gets projected in this green
720p Mini screen on your hand so you
basically use your hand try to be as
flat as possible and then to interact
with it there are some movement gestures
so there's a Time oflight sensor that
keeps track of movement and you move
your hand around kind of like rolling a
marble around in your hand to select
something then pinch to select you can
then make a fist to go back and then you
literally push forward to move deeper
into a menu so this is like a 3D UI you
have to learn this is obviously very
brand new for people but I think to be
fair it is pretty intuitive I think if
you get a quick 60-second lesson you
kind of already have learned all the
things you need when you first uh
connect the booster to the pin you can
unlock it and unlocking it with my pin
is like this uh move your hand through
space to select the numbers thing it's
literally like moving back and forth
through a
Rolodex of real numbers so it's one of
those like borderline magic things where
the first time you see it you kind of
just get it and it clicks even if it is
a little fidgety and a little bit
inaccurate and kind of slow but that
gets us into the
[Music]
review so unfortunately this thing is
bad at almost everything it does
basically all the time where do I even
start so I guess first of all okay it's
supposed to just answer questions right
it can kind of do that sometimes but one
it's often slow because most of these
requests go to the cloud and come back
and there's just a long wait and two
it's often wrong because AI still can
hallucinate and there are still issues
with it just not understanding correctly
or just saying the wrong thing and
that's not even mentioning server
timeouts if you have a poor internet
connection which happens to me all the
time in this studio so when they do most
of the demos like on their websites and
in their videos they'll ask a question
and then they'll let go and keep talking
to fill the silence so it's not awkward
as you wait for an answer and realize
how long it is but even on this fast
Studio Wi-Fi here who designed the
Washington
[Music]
Monument finding
designer the Washington Monument was
designed by Robert Mills a prominent 19
century American architect from South
Carolina the construction was eventually
completed by Thomas
so you can just hold your hand up to put
your answer on your hand and interrupt
that it's talking so much but even that
was like a pretty good performance for
the AI pin in ideal fast Wi-Fi
conditions but there are many many times
when I feel like it's way slower and it
it seems like it goes to the internet
for almost everything I mean there's a
few queries I I guess might be local
like what time is it 11:42 a.m. like
that's pretty fast if I ask the battery
life you can tell me that pretty fast
but it feels like basically everything
else is just shoveling it off to the
cloud not Computing on the device and it
takes a while but it's also just wrong
all the time like I remember asking it
days before the solar eclipse when the
next eclipse was and it said 2044 I
asked it what's some good Asian food in
the area and over and over again it
thought I said what's the best Ash for
some reason when is the next Nets game
finding next Nets game the next Brooklyn
Nets game is on Sunday April 14th but no
specific opponent or location is
provided I just Googled it it says it's
the 76ers so that's kind of weird what's
the traffic to the Empire State Building
from
here finding directions use the voice
command feature of AI pin to ask for
traffic information to the Empire State
Building and it will provide you with
the details you need
I did this stuff happens all the time
but then speaking of battery life really
bad and inconsistent which is annoying
so it's already kind of bad enough that
you have another device that you also
have to charge every single day but with
this it's actually more than that you
have to constantly babysit the battery
and swap out boosters and charge this
thing and keep it charged multiple times
per day so like I said before you get
two of these things
that come with it and I've had a pin
nuke through the entire booster battery
in 2 hours while not really doing much
of anything I've also had it last like 4
hours while doing a whole bunch of you
know photos and videos and requests and
Laser stuff and it's also just like
constantly warm the whole time just all
the time which is a little bit
concerning I'll also say multiple times
in various situations I've had it just
over heat for seemingly no reason and
tell me to wait a while for it to cool
down I think the heat problem is also
Amplified because of the Gap created by
whatever fabric is between the booster
and the product that it is actively
inductively charging you know it is a
lot of very impressive engineering but
wireless charging is notoriously
inefficient and loses energy via heat
and that's what's happening in here all
the time so just the fact that it's warm
just this warm Puck on my chest all day
was just enough to never quite forget
that I'm wearing it well that and the
weight look it's it's well made like I
said it's really impressive Hardware but
it's it's just a little I mean you see
that little sag it's just a little too
heavy in the same way that Vision Pro is
just a bit too heavy when you're wearing
the thing you you you just want to make
it as light as possible it's why a lot
of the stuff is made of plastic so when
you decide to go aluminum instead yeah
it's just a little too heavy I feel like
Humane in a lot of their videos they've
got all these thick fabrics and like
heavy jackets so it doesn't really pull
down and sag nearly as much but if you
wear some lighter weight materials like
I do especially when it gets warm
outside this is really going to start to
be noticed and yes there are some
optional accessories that are lighter
weight but you never quite forget about
it this pin cannot set a timer this pin
cannot set an alarm um this notification
light they put up at the corner here
it's there and it works but it is
basically out of my peripheral my field
of view so I almost never see it and you
know they also chose this corner for the
light which means it's designed to be
worn on this half of the body which is
fine and you get used to it there but
that's also exactly where most seat
belts go in the US anyway so not their
fault just another annoying thing about
using it the photos look pretty bad and
the videos look even worse uh they're
squarish in aspect ratio very noisy and
they max out at 15 seconds uh The Hub
that everything syncs with for me just
randomly stops working and I have to
refresh it to get it to work again the
projector as impressive as a technical
achievement as it is it's just not very
readable it's not particularly bright
outdoors and it gets dimmer the further
from your hand it is because of physics
and unless I knew what those words were
saying I I really can't read very much
and there are no apps um there just are
no apps there are so when you first sign
up with uh your Humane account you get
to sync with four accounts there are
your Apple Google Microsoft and title so
the first three are basically for your
contacts and then the last one title is
the exclusive music partner so there is
no Uber access there is no Spotify
access there's no WhatsApp there's no
calendar no Gmail none none of that
stuff it's just it doesn't have I can't
book a flight I can't buy something on
Amazon it just will not do any of that
stuff that
just do on my
[Music]
phone so I know I've said like a bunch
of the downsides and the problems this
device has but I really genuinely think
the biggest problem this pin is going to
have is that smartphones are kind of op
like that's the number one thing I've
reminded myself from the week of using
this pin trying to get it to do stuff is
that smartphones are not going anywhere
anytime soon and I think a lot of the
comments online have already picked up
on this even without testing and using
the pin which is okay there seems like a
lot of overlap between what this is and
what a smartphone can do but everything
that this pin does a modern smartphone
does better and faster and easier and in
higher quality and just better in every
way like your smartphone obviously takes
better pictures and videos and you can
frame things more easily of course A
phone can call and text people more
easily you can use it in more places
loud places private places use it with
literally any outfit also a phone like
you can quickly Google things it's
faster to message people back and of
course it can email people and use all
kinds of app experiences do you know
what happens when you try to just send
someone a picture from the AI pin you
already know how to do it on your phone
with the iip pin okay you take the
picture then you either try this with
your voice or you pull up the picture
which is just a green 720p jpeg on your
hand I I guess that's a good enough
preview sure you go to send it you pick
your contact or type in the whole phone
number with the gestures eventually you
go to send and it has its own internet
connection and it sends a link to view
the picture in the Humane web portal
like the difference in how easy how
frictionless that is here versus here
it's it's not even close and there are
honestly many times where I would I'd be
trusting this pin like I'm reviewing it
I'm living that life I'm using it and
I'd ask it something and I would wait so
long and my phone would just be sitting
right there where I could just pick it
up and Google the answer and the time it
takes me to get hopefully the right
answer on the pin it's just phones are
op look and tell me what this is
or I'll just do this I
guess
ah it's a cyber Tru the photo is of a
cyber truck an electric pickup truck
produced by
Tesla yep also I got to say when I say
phones are op like
screens in your hand so sick just for
the last like 10% of any UI like you can
get almost all the way there with just
your voice interaction but but let's say
you call an Uber and you say take me to
the studio from an Uber even if it could
do that which it can't but let's say it
could and as you're waiting you're like
I'm going to just go grab a snack from
this Starbucks on the corner how do you
adjust your pickup
location with the with this ah just that
friction of I I could just do it in two
seconds on my phone or buying something
online is another one I've seen a lot of
demos where someone's like plan me a
trip to Europe plan me an expedition I
even want to buy detergent online on
this because I need to check all the
ratings and the titles and make sure I'm
ordering the right one I do not trust
that with just my voice but I think most
critically for the AI assistant part I
actually love the idea of a virtual
assistant that you can talk to like a
human like this is something we've been
chasing for years with Google assistant
and Siri and Alexa and now with this new
form factor of you know a little AI in a
box that can be with you everywhere
maybe that can deliver even better on
that specific promise but the thing
about a good assistant is it needs to
know everything about you that's that's
even true with a human assistant like it
needs to know your schedule it needs to
know where you go every day it needs to
know who you talk to your preferences
are personally and for products like it
needs to know everything about you and
your
smartphone already knows a lot of things
about you but this is a stand alone
device that doesn't talk to your phone
and so it doesn't know any of the things
about you that your phone knows so just
from that it's already at such a massive
disadvantage for the smartphone for
being helpful I mean you can you can do
what I did fully immerse yourself for
several days straight and it to remember
everything and call people text people
from it but it's still it will always
have that Gap and that's not even
mentioning this like I said it has its
own phone number and so if you text
people and call people from this yeah it
can summarize all of your messages from
the day and all that stuff from these
conversations but it doesn't see any of
these conversations so if you're texting
here this is not the same thread that
Gap is always going to be there so I
guess that begs the question why didn't
they just make this connect to your
phone everyone has a phone that's the
question that I think a lot of people
are wondering and I I think this is my
Theory but I think Humane wants this
thing to eventually be a very powerful
Standalone device someday and in order
to get it to that future they can't set
the precedent now of connecting it to
your phone because then that means they
have to remove that fature in the future
and they don't want to do that so this
device as it exists today is hamstrung
by its ideal future version of itself
it's like Vision Pro like I talked about
it in the Vision Pro Pro review it
doesn't actually pair to your iPhone in
any way it's its own Standalone computer
and of course Apple sees down the road
that could just be like a little pair of
smart glasses you don't need an iPhone
to use that but now today this thing is
a victim of its future
[Music]
ambition it was really hard to come up
with a title for this video but I will
say at one point my working title for
this was this product is either the
dumbest thing ever
or I'm an idiot because yes it's really
really really really bad now but every
once in a while and I mean a while I
would use it and it would do exactly
what it's supposed to do quickly and I
would I'd get it and I'd really feel
like that is that's how it's supposed to
feel and then I'd do another request and
it would remind me of reality but here
here's an example right I've said a
thousand times like your my best ideas
Golden Rule they always show up when I
can't write them down like when I'm
about to fall asleep or I'm in the
shower or driving right so I'm using the
pin I'm driving to the studio and I have
an idea I'm not trying to write it down
on my phone while driving or pull over
but I had the pin so I'm driving and I
just remind me of this cool ABC outro
idea for the Humane
review and I just kept driving and it
wrote it down and it saved it memory and
when I go check the Humane outro idea
for the Humane review has been saved
voice is kind of annoying but now that's
up in the Humane AI Center so when I
arrive at the studio that thing that I
told you to remember is sitting there
waiting for me that was nice or the
other thing the unique firstperson
videos I could put it in the center of
my chest and take videos I would never
want to distract myself while driving
taking a video but you know even though
the quality is not great that's the most
frictionless version of that along with
smart glasses that's great and I think
number one on top of all of this is if
you ask me like who should buy this
device right
now I mean nobody should buy this device
right now but if if there's one person
who would most consider it it's the
person that wants to spend as little
time as possible with a screen in their
hands like as little time as possible on
their phone that's me sometimes I don't
want to Doom scroll the second I pull my
phone out my pocket for that person if
they want that at the expense of
everything else this device represents
just a glimmer of hope for that future
now the problem of course is with this
device there's just so much more
friction and fumbling and annoyance that
comes with it that you don't want to do
it even though you would accomplish the
goal of left screen time and living in
the moment but yeah that's that's the
issue with it I literally had a moment
like we did a shoot in Ohio the other
day which was like a travel day and I
woke up in the morning and I thought
like I don't want to deal deal with this
pin today like I have driving so the
seat belt's going to be annoying and
then we're going to go to the airport
and then probably got to take it off
through the metal detector and then put
it on again which means I have to log in
with the pin again and just all this and
I just was like I I don't want to have
to charge this seven times like I I
don't want to wear it today so I skipped
it and you should probably skip this
product too and never buy a product
based on the future promise of updates
to it obviously this is a product that
has a long way to go and there's a team
behind it and look I got to say as a
brand new product and a team trying to
make something new that I respect I
respect the attempt because we don't get
a lot of totally new stuff but yeah this
is uh this is a long way to go they do
have a road map actually I'll say
they've shared it there's some decent
stuff on there including number sharing
but that also has no date and no other
information so I'll just say good
luck godspeed thanks for watching catch
you in the next one peace
[Music]